Abstract
--------
WebID 1.0
Web Identification and Discovery

Identification and privacy have been at the center of how we interact with sites
on the Web. The explosion of Websites over the last decade and a half has
created a point of pain for anyone that uses the Web on a regular basis.
Remembering login details, passwords, and sharing private information across the
many websites that people use on a daily basis has become more difficult and
complicated than necessary. This specification outlines a simple universal
identification mechanism that is distributed, openly extensible, improves
privacy, security and control over how one can identify themselves and control
access to their information on the Web.

Source
------

You can read, branch and modify the source code for this specification via the
main WebID hg repository hosted by the W3C:

https://dvcs.w3.org/hg/WebID

For those more familiar with git, a secondary repository is kept in sync on
github: https://github.com/webid-community/webid-spec

Feedback
--------

Send an email to the WebID XG public mailing list if you want to request changes
to the spec, it is the only way you can make sure that your input will be
tracked and considered by the group:

http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-xg-webid/

A list of bugs is maintained at http://www.w3.org/2005/Incubator/webid/track/

You must be a members of the WebID XG to create new bugs in the tracker, however
anyone can follow up on existing issues by mentioning the issue number
(e.g. WebID-ISSUE-33) in the title or the body of any email sent to the
WebId XG mailing list . These emails will automatically be listed in the
relevant issues in the tracker.

When logging an issue, be very specific about the problem and the exact change
and wording that you would like to suggest. The easier you make changing the
spec, the more likely that your change will be placed into the specification.

Contributing
------------

To directly contribute to the specification:

1. You MUST modify the 'index-respec.html' file via hg or git - it is the
   primary source document.
2. You MUST agree to transferring the specification text to the governing
   specification body W3C when the time comes to transition the documents to an
   official specification.
3. You MUST NOT add in any text that you know to be in violation of a trade
   secret, patent or other form of intellectual property.
4. Understand that this will be a patent and royalty-free specification and no
   payment will be made to any of the editors, authors or contributors. That
   said, millions of people will be thankful for your contribution in ensuring
   that the web continutes to be accessible in a patent and royalty-free way.
5. You will want to become familiar with ReSpec before you edit the
   'index-respec.html' file. Documentation for respec is available here:
   http://dev.w3.org/2009/dap/ReSpec.js/documentation.html
6. Make small commits so that they can be reviewed more easily. Avoid mixing
   editorial changes and style changes in the same commit.
7. The respec source document uses an 80 character line limit except for long
   URIs or code snippets. Trailing whitespaces should be stripped to avoid
   people who strip them automatically to make unintended changes when saving
   a file.
